#10412 (#10641)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/security-policy-settings/user-rights-assignment.md

| [Manage auditing and security log](manage-auditing-and-security-log.md)| SeSecurityPrivilege| 
| [Modify an object label](modify-an-object-label.md) | SeRelabelPrivilege| 
| [Modify firmware environment values](modify-firmware-environment-values.md)| SeSystemEnvironmentPrivilege| 

> | [Obtain an impersonation token for another user in the same session](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/SupportArticles-docs/blob/main/support/windows-server/windows-security/seImpersonateprivilege-secreateglobalprivilege.md) | SeDelegateSessionUserImpersonatePrivilege|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Obtain an impersonation token for another user in the same session](/troubleshoot/windows-server/windows-security/seimpersonateprivilege-secreateglobalprivilege) | SeDelegateSessionUserImpersonatePrivilege|
```
